Agenda Meeting

**Agenda Meeting #7**

Location: 	PC Hall 1 - cubicle 14

Datum: 	04.04.2023

Time: 	15:45 - 16:30

Attendees:		Ana Marcu(TA), Andrei Ştefan (Chair), Andreea Țebrean (Minute taker), Alexandra Nicola (away), Marin Perković, Cristian Toadere, Vasko Guenov


**Agenda-items**

15:45 - 15:46	**Opening by chair**


15:46 - 15:48	**Check-in**

**-** How is everyone doing?

**-** Is everyone prepared for today’s discussion?


15:48 - 15:52	**Announcements**

**-** On Friday the 7th of April we have three very important deadlines to meet (3 mins):
> Heuristic evaluation \
> Product pitch video \
> App code



**-** We will be meeting this week as much as possible in order to polish the remainder of the app and deliverables.

**-** Fixed meeting: Thursday April 6 - Finishing up code, last minute design changes and making the code look cleaner/ Polishing up video and Heuristic Evaluation Report. (1 min)


15:52 - 15:54	**Approval of the agenda**

**-** Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?

15:54 - 16:14	**Product**

**-** What did everybody work on the previous week? (6 min)

**-** A demo of our current state of the application (7 min):
> Show new additions \
> Go through application together with TA, in order to check how many requirements are met, and if all basic requirements are okay.

**-** Question round (7 min)


16:14 - 16:20	**Product Pitch Video draft feedback**

**-** What is there to improve on the script side? (3-4 mins)

**-** Talk about video restructuring taking into account feeback and addition of new features (2-3 mins)


16:20 - 16:29	**Feedback/Question round**

**-** What went well and what can be improved next time?

**-** Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?

16:30		**Closure**







