Taking minutes

**Agenda for the team meeting #7.**

Location: DW PC Hall 1 - cubicle 14
Date: 4.04.2023
Time: 14:45 - 15:10

Attendees: Ana Marcu(TA), Andrei Ştefan(Chair), Andreea Țebrean(Minute taker), Alexandra Nicola, Marin Perković, Cristian Toadere, Vasko Guenov

**Agenda items**

**Opening by Chairperson and Check-In**

No minutes.

Approval of the agenda (Does anyone have any additions to the agenda? what is missing that you would like to discuss?)



Everyone was ok and feeling good.


**Announcements**
- The meeting today is shorter.
- The deadlines changed for Heuristic evaluation, Product pitch video, App code. The deadline is on 10th April instead of 7th April.
- The team will try to meet as much as possible.
- The next meeting is on 6th April.
- The team will try to be ready as fast as possible keeping the old deadline in mind as it was discussed.


**Approval of the agenda**

The agenda is approved, with the only addition of discussing about the feedback received at Teamwork self reflection.


**Product**
- We need to do tests for frontend and finish the tests for backend.
- Refactor the controllers from backend using services.
- All the basic requirments were verified and they are ok.
- We verified that the double click for the card details is ok.
- The contribution is good this week.
- Trying to finish as much as possible.


**Teamwork self reflection**
- Keep in mind to respect the format.
- Submit the report again for the deadline, 14th April.


**Product pitch draft feedback**
- The scrip is good.
- The feedback received was good.
- If the script is respected, everything should work fine.
- Trying to finish the video this week.


**Feedback round**
- The feedback was good for everyone.

**Closing**

No minutes.

