
```
©Instituut voor Talen en
Academische Vaardigheden 2021
```
# Agenda for the team meeting #1, Team 62.

```
Location: Drebbelweg, IZ- 4
Date: 14.02.
Time: 15:15-16:00
Attendees: Alexandra Nicola
Andreea Tebrean
Andrei Stefan
Marin Perkovic
Vasko Guenov
```
## Agenda items

**Opening by Chairperson**
_No minutes._

**Announcements:**
The agenda needs to be provided two days before the meeting;
The meeting notes will be provided two days after the meeting.

**Approval of the agenda**
_(Does anyone have any additions to the agenda? what is missing that you would like to discuss?)_
Since the agenda was decided by the TA for this first meeting, there were no additions made.

**Approve minutes of prior meeting**

**Introduction – getting to know fellow team members.**
_We went around the table and shared a few interesting things about ourselves: our name, where
we are from, our hobbies, and one fun fact about our country._

**_First steps – Setting our first goals_**
_We discussed about what we should first do, and took a look at the deadlines coming up._

	Chairman and Minute Taker
o We need to first establish who is going to be the chair/minute taker on following
meetings, as that is quite important in meeting planning and more.

	Code of conduct
o We need to first make a draft, for it to be checked by a TA for any possible
improvements;
o There is a template provided on Brightspace, which we may use as a starting point;
o We need to make sure we discuss when everyone is available to meet, as that is
important for (both our team as a whole and) the Code of Conduct.

	Backlog



o The deadline for the draft is much further away, but it is still worth taking it into
account;
o We need to be aware of the lectures coming up which touch on teamwork, engineering
and project management;
o We will need to employ the MOSCOW technique for it.

**Summary of action points**
_Give an overview of the division of tasks. What is expected from whom and when? Make an action
list._


|Action items| Who is responsible | Deadline|
|---|---|---|
|Finish the draft for the Code of Conduct|Whole team | This Friday|
|(Optional) research Springboot and JavaFX|Everyone |N/A|

**Feedback round**
Give each other space to give and receive feedback (tip and top).

As this was our first meeting, there was no feedback to share, but with improved knowledge of our
teammates, we will be able to provide constructive feedback from now on._

**Any questions?**

When is the next meeting? - An online (impromptu) meeting on the 16th of February, to distribute
the work on the Code of Conduct.

**Closing**
_No minutes_


